Link to CodePen: https://codepen.io/meghann-j-benson/pen/MWyvMMv

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    htlm that adds meaning to the page for screen readers and devs 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    to mark up the structure of a web page
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    html attribute adds info to a tag, put it at the beginning of tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The main title of the page. Once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img, a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    links to css, js, info about page that will display in the tab
    7. What is an id? 
    id is a specific selector for an element 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    header, div, section, p...most elements can have an id. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once
    10. What is a class? 
    class is a group of elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    div, section, p, h1 etc.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank" attribute in the beginning of the anchor tag after the href.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    to discribe the img for a screen reader
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #idname
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section is semantic, it provides meaning, div is just a container to make parts easier to style together. 
    17. What is CSS used for?
    to style the web page 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {} 
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    class is used to style multiple elements on a page, like if you wanted to give certain p's different classes rather than just styling all p's. id is used to specific elements that might need more specicivity.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    If you have a section with imgages inside you may want to select those img tags specifically. they are children of that section. .classname img{}
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    :hover they let you change the styling based on some other input like mouse hover. 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height: 1.5:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing: 2px;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase; or lowercase etc. 
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border-style: dotted;
        border-width: 1px;
    } //black is default for borders
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    * {} 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*Comment*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd- print working directory
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm be careful because it bypasses trashbin and is gone
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    in case something goes wrong and one needs to go back, to keep track of different versions of a program, to collaborate with others. 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every major change. Often just in case. 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork, clone, branch, make changes, save, git add, commit, push, checkout, pull (make sure to change it to your fork, add reviewers, dont merge the TL will do it), wait for feedback. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
